How to lay out a level
by Gabe "the Yellow Dart" Rosiak

I DON'T HAVE STUFF ACTUALLY CODED YET BUT HERE'S HOW TO DESIGN A LEVEL IN THE IDE SO IT WORKS LATER WHEN THERE IS CODE

1. Create a duplicate of "rm_parent" in the resource tree. Name it rm_whatever and double click to open it in a new tab (make sure you're editing the new room and not rm_parent).

2. Setting juice levels and room stuff:
	2a. Select the "Game" layer in the room editor pane
	2b. Double click mgr_room (either in the room editor or the sprite in the room) to open the instance window
	2c. Click "Creation Code" in the Instance window
	2d. Set the starting juice levels for the room
		- For WASD assume that 1 juice point equals 1 pixel. Tiles are 64x64, so if you want to be able to move 1 tile right, you would set D_juice = 64
		- For the left and right clicks (lc_juice, rc_juice) assume 1 juice point is 1 frame of use of the ability
	2e. Fill out the comments so I don't fuck up your idea when I implement the code

3. A brief note about layers
	- I have a bunch of instance layers mostly so that everything draws in the right order. Here's what goes on each of them
		- Game: This just holds the manager objects, you shouldn't have to add any objects here
		- Instances_top: equipment object, anything else that should be drawn above everything else (e.g. projectiles)
		- Instances_middle: player, pickups, enemies, other things where the draw order isn't critical
		- Instances_bottom: start and end, anything else that should be drawn above the floor but below other stuff
		- Walls: you're not gonna believe this but this is where you put the walls
		- Floor: *nodding* floor.
	- You shouldn't have to do anything with the tile or background layers for now

4. Walls and floors
	4a. Just make sure you're on the right layer when adding these
	4b. The grid should already be set to snap to 64px spacing but if it isn't, turn that on
	4c. Click the wall/floor type you want to use in the objects section of the resource tree and hold alt to paint into the level
	4d. The play space should be fully walled in and all reachable space should have a floor object
	4e. I'm probably going to prioritize getting at least the ice, conveyor, and pit floor types programmed before doing anything beyond normal walls. So do with that what you will
	4f. You can rotate the wall and floor objects to get stuff in the right direction
	4g. The default room size is 6400x6400 which means 100x100 tiles for the level. That's hopefully plenty but you can increase the size if really needed
	4h. I added some extra "idea" objects in case you come up with something not already on the list. Same with enemies and equipment

5. Start and end
	5a. The start and end objects should already be populated in the Instances_middle layer. Just drag them where you want them

6. Player and equipment
	6a. The start object will automatically spawn the player at its position, so no need to place him yourself
	6b. If using equipment (gun, vacuum etc), place it anywhere on the Instances_top layer and it will end up in the right place when the room runs
	6c. The juice levels are written to the player by the room manager from back in step 2

7. Enemies and pickups
	7a. Place any enemies and pickups on the Instances_middle layer
	7b. Let me know in the room comments (see step 2) how much juice should go in the pickups, if enemies should have certain behaviors/drops/etc

8. Make sure things are on the right layers (I fuck this up every time)

9. Uhhh I think that's it
	